[Music]
Yoga is a state of equilibrium and
equate a minute
in its fourth celebration at the very
heart of the United Nations headquarters
in New York City with so many of you
joining us today and the increased
participation each and every year is a
reflection of such a powerful appeal
that yoga has yoga works by contributing
to personal physical and mental
well-being and promoting individual
[Music]
inhale exhale all the way down to the
mat Oh
[Music]
at the philosophy of yoga is about
looking inward and trying to find peace
within oneself Yoga is all about unity
unity of inner self in outer world
[Music]
thousands of years back aberration yoga
masters in spiritual state padam the
entire creation it is eternity you'll be
happy all the time is over backtrack and
that's yoga
[Music]
Yoga deriving from the psychoneurotic
unity is so very apt for the United
Nations key elements of the body mind
and spirit
both Natasha Minh beam allows us to
peace and tranquility giving us space in
our minds for reflection which in turn
allows us to be so much more productive
in serving the values that we stand for
[Music]